feat: community events page (#1120)
asyncapi/website: pages/community/events/webinar.md

---
title: 'GraphQL to Simplify Data Access for Cloud Native'
type: WEBINAR

> description: 'In this webinar, we’ll look at the emerging role of GraphQL as the unifying query language for federated resources in the modern, cloud-native environment. Between SDKs, REST endpoints, secondary GraphQL schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this webinar, we’ll look at the emerging role of GraphQL as the unifying query language for federated resources in the modern, cloud-native environment.'
```

do we actually host webinars? it seems to me we host streams, not webinars.... why not have a `streams.md` file instead of this current **webinar** one? 🤔

Author: @alequetzalli thanks for the review, concerning the list of events, I'm getting rid of them cuz I'm only using em for the sake of view
